Lonely, ever since I made it back from Hell
Whoever said it's better to love and lose someone
Never lost themselves
Once you think you know me
I change everything about myself
But there's nowhere to run when it comes to you
All my camouflage melts
And suddenly, I'm see-through
Whenever I see you
It's true
Glass, ice, white lace
Won't hide my face
I'm see-through for you, for you
See through all of my windows tinted
You lookin' at me with that x-ray vision
Like skeletons in my closet, I hid 'em
Right next to the t-shirt you takin' off me
Takin' off all of my cellophane
Touchin' on everything (Everything, everything, everything)
What you want, what you need
You could have it all, the way you look at me
Look at me (Look at me), the way you look at me (Look at me), yeah
Suddenly, I'm see-through
Whenever I see you
it's true
Glass, ice, white lace
Won't hide my face
I'm see-through for you, for you
Nobody, nobody, nobody
See me like you do